Add instrgen how-it-works.md (#3659)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: instrgen/docs/how-it-works.md

Reviewer: I suggest adding a hyperlink to this doc in `instrgen/README.md`

Author: done

## OpenTelemetry Go Source Automatic Instrumentation - How it works

> `instrgen` driver modifies AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) in order to inject necessary opentelemetry calls.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`instrgen` adds OpenTelemetry instrumentation to source code by directly modifying it.
It uses the AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) representation of the code to determine its operational flow and injects necessary OpenTelemetry functionality into the AST.
```

There are few passes during execution.

> 1. Searching for entry point, a function definition with ```AutotelEntryPoint()``` call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Search for the entry point: a function definition with `AutotelEntryPoint()`.
```

2. Building call graph. Traversing all calls from entry point through all function definitions.
3. Injecting open telemetry calls into functions bodies.
4. Context propagation. Adding additional context parameter to all function declarations and function call expressions that are visible

>    (it will not add context argument to call expression without having visible function declaration).

Reviewer 2: outdated, made another comment.

>    (it will not add context argument to call expression without having visible function declaration).

Author: sounds good

## OpenTelemetry Go Source Automatic Instrumentation - How it works

`instrgen` adds OpenTelemetry instrumentation to source code by directly modifying it.
It uses the AST (Abstract Syntax Tree) representation of the code to determine its operational flow and injects necessary OpenTelemetry functionality into the AST.

The AST modification algorithm is the following:
1. Search for the entry point: a function definition with `AutotelEntryPoint()`.
2. Build the call graph. Traverse all calls from the entry point through all function definitions.
3. Inject OpenTelemetry instrumentation into functions bodies.
4. Context propagation. Adding an additional context parameter to all function declarations and function call expressions that are visible

>    (it will not add a context argument to call expressions without having visible function declaration).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   (it will not add a context argument to call expressions if they are not reachable from the entry point).
```
